Untitled Boomer MMO

Overview:
I am a professional software engineer with Claude experience, but no game development experience.  I would like to build a game to broaden my abilities, and as a fun side-project.  This game will likely never be distributed, and will mostly be for personal use.  We will be working together on this, and I will be looking for advice on best-practices.  We will start small and build from there. 

Game Details:
***Note: not all of this need be implemented at first, this will be iterative over time, we will start really small***

Old-school MMORPG, with systems similar to Everquest, RuneScape, and World of Warcraft. High-fantasy, elves dragons goblins etc. Can be played either solo, or with others.  We will build it initially as a solo-player experience.  Mobile/PC friendly to play.

Character persistence, should be able to close out and open up without losing progress.

The game is designed to be slow, with both AFK and active playstyles.  If I want to fight the same enemy on a loop on a second monitor all day I should be able to do that with minimal interaction. 

We want the feel of an adventurer who starts as a lowly townsperson, and strives to become an amazing champion of the world they live in. Starting area could be a small town, with rats as the enemy.

Character should be able to pick a class.  Warrior/Wizard/Etc.

Character should be able to equip gear.  We will start small with only a few slots available.

Character should be able to level up through killing enemies. Max level for now will be 10.

Character should be able to level up skills.  We will start with fishing, max level of 10.

Character should have combat skills.

Styling: 
Top-down 2D with WASD movement, and targetable entities.  I have no art skills, so we will be using basic models and textures.  I am unsure how that works so I will rely on you to help with sourcing, generation, etc.  We do not want to use copyrighted materials.  We can use stick-figure SVGs to begin with.

Tech-stack:
Looking for input here. 
As this will be small in scope we can use docker for tools we may not have.
I have heard that Godot is good for simple games, but have no experience.  This is a possible language.

We will use GitHub for version control.  I have heard about Vercel for app hosting, so that is a possibility as well.

Depending on language, recommend me an IDE to use.

Starting point:
- Boiler plate code for creating a character
- Small starting area with rats to kill

